Congratulations on the reinforcements coming back.
In that case.
Then the stork is no longer a business risk.
The bank's previous $3 trillion loan will carry out the normal contract.
This is the only part I have left of the bank, the top production black card, only this part.
5 trillion cap.
I say that only by me, these three words are worth tens of thousands.
Now you still think I'm bragging.
Damn it, I can't believe the White Land International is back in the hands of Li Bu Yan.
We're in trouble.
Trao Bu Fan, perhaps you think that Daxia is relying on your borders to kill the enemy to prosper quietly.
When I tell you
If so, hard work called new traders.
Creating jobs for millions of people.
Why do people have food and clothing?
I don't care what the Lord has done.
Never be half as good as you.
If I'm selfish, self-care, despicable.
So why are they waiting for me?
Very commendable.
Do you still feel that I am the abbot on the Xisha coast of Northern Xinjiang?
It seemed that the White Crane International could not leave the Mausoleum.
Even if I force control
It will only make the world a mess.
Let the Unspoken Return
Probably the best option.
Now he is back with Egret International.
This game
You won.